Update ML page at /bare/eu/usegalaxy/ml/ (#4032)
galaxyproject/galaxy-hub: content/bare/eu/usegalaxy/ml/index.md

The complete set of resources are available on the [Galaxy platform](https://galaxyproject.org), which guarantees simple access, easy extension, flexible adaptation to personal needs, accelerated model training, and sophisticated and reproducible machine learning analyses independent of command-line knowledge.

The hub provides you with a Swiss Army knife of [Scikit-learn](https://scikit-learn.org),
[Keras](https://keras.io) (a deep learning library based on [TensorFlow](https://www.tensorflow.org)), [PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/) and various other tools to transform, learn and predict and plot your data.

The hub is mainly developed by the [Goecks Lab](https://goeckslab.org) and the [European Galaxy project](https://galaxyproject.eu/). The [German Network for Bioinformatics Infrastructure (de.NBI)](http://www.denbi.de),
which runs the German [ELIXIR Node](https://www.elixir-europe.org/), provides the necessary compute clusters with CPUs and GPU resources.

> The project is a community effort, please jump in, ask questions, contribute to the development of new tools, workflows or trainings and research and learn along the way!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is a community effort, so feel free to jump in, ask questions, and contribute to the development of new tools, workflows, training materials, and research. Learn, share ideas, and grow with the community along the way!
```

Reviewer: Maybe this one?
